updated Signals Explorer topic with new column titles (#27715)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/threats/security_signals.md

ASM security signals are created when Datadog detects a threat based on a detection rule. View, search, filter, and investigate security signals in the [Signals Explorer][2], or configure [Notification Rules][8] to send signals to third-party tools.

{{< img src="security/application_security/threats/security_signals/appsec-threat-signals.png" alt="Overview of investigating threats in signals explorer with details side panel">}}

## Signals Explorer columns

The Signals Explorer displays the following columns.

Severity
: There are five severity states: **Info**, **Low**, **Medium**, **High**, and **Critical**. **High** and **Critical** indicate a major impact to service availability or active compromise.

Title

> : The name of the signal. Titles might update when new data correlates and changes the impact of the attack.

Author: Correlation is simply comparing two variables to see if there's something statistical between them.
For signals, that means new data is introduced and so we perform more correlations. If the correlations change the impact of the attack, the title is changed.
Pretty standard for signals.
But I'll revise it like this:
> Titles might update when new data is correlated, altering the assessed impact of the attack.

> : The name of the signal. Titles might update when new data correlates and changes the impact of the attack.

Author: ```suggestion
: The name of the signal. Titles might update when new data is correlated, altering the assessed impact of the attack.
```

2. Select a user to assign the signal.
3. To update the status of the security signal, click the triage status dropdown menu and select a status. The default status is **Open**.
    - **Open**: The signal has not yet been resolved.
    - **Under Review**: The signal is actively being investigated. From the **Under Review** state, you can move the signal to **Archived** or **Open** as needed.
    - **Archived**: The detection that caused the signal has been resolved. From the **Archived** state, you can move the signal back to **Open** if it's within 30 days of when the signal was originally detected.

**Note**: To modify security signals, you must have the `security_monitoring_signals_write` permission. See [Role Based Access Control][9] for more information about Datadog's default roles and granular role-based access control permissions available for Application Security Management.

## Declare an incident 

Use [Incident Management][4] to create an incident for a security signal.

Declare an incident if:

- An issue is or might be impacting customers.
- You believe an issue (even if it's internal) needs to be addressed as an emergency.
 

> If you don't know whether you should call an incident, notify other users and increase severity appropriately.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't know whether you should declare an incident, notify other users and increase severity appropriately.
```

> If you don't know whether you should call an incident, notify other users and increase severity appropriately.

Author: I don't know. I like declare better. I'll change it.

1. On the [Signals Explorer][2] page, select a security signal to open its details panel.
2. On the signal panel, click **Declare Indident** or select the dropdown arrow and select **Add to an existing incident**.
3. When you declare a new incident, in the **Declare Incident** settings, configure the incident by specifying details such as the severity level and incident commander.

>    1. Estimate impact. Severity levels go from SEV-1 (critical) to SEV-5 (minor impact). When in doubt, always choose the higher severity.

Author: No. The substep is simply adding detail to severity level.

4. Click **Declare Incident**.

## Run a workflow

Use [Workflow Automation][5] to manually trigger a workflow for a security signal. 

1. Make sure the workflow you want to run has a security trigger.
2. On the [Signals Explorer][2] page, open a security signal.

> 3. In the **Respond** section, click **Run Workflow**.

Author: I'm not worried.

5. In **Run a workflow**, select the workflow you want to run or click **New Workflow**. 
   - Depending on the workflow you select, you might be required to enter additional input parameters.
   - If you selected **New Workflow**, Run a Security Workflow opens. To learn more about workflows, see [Workflow Automation][5]. 
6. Click **Run**.

## Review and remediate

1. On the [Signals Explorer][2] page, open a security signal.

> 2. In the signal details, view each of the sections, such as **What Happened**, **Activity Summary**, and **Rule Details**.

Author: Should be Detection Rule. I'll fix it. Great catch.

> 2. In the signal details, view each of the sections, such as **What Happened**, **Activity Summary**, and **Rule Details**.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the signal details, view each of the sections, such as **What Happened**, **Activity Summary**, and **Detection Rule**.
```

> 3. Review the **Next Steps** and take action:

Reviewer: Just wanted to check whether "take action" is intentionally vague to let users choose their own adventure here. I can't tell if these are all options that a user *could* take, or if a typical user *should* do all of them, or if a user can choose multiple, or if they're mutually exclusive. But sometimes when course of action are vague, this is all you can really say.

Author: It's a subset with details.

    -  Click **Block all Attacking IPs** (by specific duration or permanently).

>     -  Click **Automated Attacker Blocking** (based on [detection][10] rules). This setting requires the Application Security Management **Protect Write** permission.

Reviewer: Should the whole permission name be bolded? It is in the UI:
<img width="269" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/11d20c10-45b5-4014-a0a5-a447f257d7a6" />

    -  Click **[Block with Edge WAF][11]**.

## Bulk actions

> When you select one or more signals, you can use **Bulk Actions** to perform the following.

Reviewer: Huh, there's an interesting UI quirk where if you've scrolled down the table of signals (not improbable if you're selecting multiple), you can't see the **Bulk Actions** button. Might be worth mentioning that it's at the top of the table? I usually don't like to do that, but I like to if I feel like I need an insurance policy against users getting lost in the UI.

Author: I think they can find it. It appears once you select a row.

### Set state

> Set the signal(s) state to **Open**, **Under Review**, or **Archived**.

Reviewer: These kinds of maybe-plural sentences can be a bit awkward, and I noticed that it gets dropped after this. Maybe you can write around it:
```suggestion
Set the triage state to **Open**, **Under Review**, or **Archived**.
```

### Assign the signal to users

Select **Assign selection** and then select the user(s) to assign to the signal. 

Select **Remove all assignments** to reset the signal assignment to none.

### Case management

Datadog [Case Management][6] offers a centralized place to triage, track, and remediate issues detected by Datadog and third-party integrations.

1. On the [Signals Explorer][2] page, select a security signal.
2. In **Bulk Actions**, select **Create a case**. 

> 3. Select **Create a case** or **Add to an existing case** to add the signal to an existing case. 

Reviewer: I don't think you need to select **Create a case** twice? I think you can probably combine these two into one.

Author: You do.

4. Enter a title and optional description.

> 5. Click **Create Case**.

Reviewer: These only happen if you're creating a case, not if you're adding the selected signal to an existing case. Probably worth restructuring this procedure a little to make that clear?

Author: I think it's clear.

> When you click **Create case** you are directed the Case Management and the project you selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click **Create Case**, you are directed to Case Management and the project you selected.
```

Reviewer: This is the first time we mention a "project" - should it say "case" instead?

Author: No, it's a project. These are standard in the Case Management product. It's not security-specific.

## Saved views

You can save different configurations of the Signals Explorer as views. For example, you could filter the explorer to show all unassigned signals and then save that as a view.

> When a configuration is saved as a view, you and your teammates can reuse it later.

Reviewer: I'm not 100% on what "reuse" means here - looking at it again later, or using it to create another view, or something else?

Author: "Use" would be sufficient. I'll change it.

> When a configuration is saved as a view, you and your teammates can reuse it later.

Author: ```suggestion
When a configuration is saved as a view, you and your teammates can use it later.
```
